ACC-3770 new status for recurrent charges + API url update + endpoint… (#1554)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/monetization/billing-api/index.mdx

## Endpoints

Base URL: `https://billing.text.com`

> - `GET /v2/ledger/livechat` - returns the current ledger. It lists up to 20 entries, use `?page=X` for pagination. Required format: `{result: [LEDGER ENTRY 1, LEDGER ENTRY 2, ...]}`,

Reviewer: @olek-p should these two ledger endpoints point to v3 API as well?

Author: No, I intentionally left `v2` here. Ledger is an abandoned feature and we didn't want to move it to the newer API version.

- `pending` -> `accepted` -> `processed` -> `active` -> `frozen`
- `pending` -> `declined`

> Additionally, whenever payment is due and an invoice is issued, the charge enters the `past_due` status. As soon as the invoice is paid the status changes back to `active`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, whenever a payment is due, and an invoice is issued, the charge enters the `past_due` status. As soon as the invoice is paid the status changes back to `active`.
```

> In the happy case this only takes a few seconds. In other cases the `past_due` status may be used to e.g. display a pending invoice notification to the app user, or limit the app functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the best-case scenario, this only takes a few seconds. In other cases, the `past_due` status may be used to, for example, display a pending invoice notification to the app user or limit the app's functionality.
```
